feat: document Memfault integration for AWS (#431)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/memfault/AWS.rst

.. _aws-memfault-integration:

> Memfault Integration for AWS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Memfault integration for AWS
```

############################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. include:: ./Index.rst
   :start-after: intro_start
   :end-before: intro_end

> The integration can be used standalone and does not required an exisiting instance of :ref:`nRF Asset Tracker for AWS <aws-getting-started>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the integration standalone without an existing instance of :ref:`nRF Asset Tracker for AWS <aws-getting-started>`.
```

Reviewer 2: Also:
exisiting -> existing

Reviewer: > Also: exisiting -> existing

Fixed in my suggestion now.

Prerequisites
*************

> Before you start setting up the Memfault Integration for AWS, make sure that you fulfill the following prerequisites:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start setting up the Memfault integration for AWS, make sure that you fulfill the following prerequisites:
```

.. include:: ../aws/GettingStarted/Index.rst
   :start-after: prerequisites_start
   :end-before: prerequisites_end

Clone the project and install the dependencies
**********************************************

To clone the `nRF Asset Tracker Memfault integration for AWS IoT <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-memfault-aws-js>`_ project and install the dependencies, use the following commands:

.. parsed-literal::

    git clone --branch |version| --single-branch \\
      https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-memfault-aws-js.git memfault-aws
    
    cd memfault-aws 
    
    # Install the dependencies
    npm ci
    
Configure Memfault settings
***************************

> You can retrieve the project settings from the settings page of the Memfault
> dashboard of your organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can retrieve the project settings from the settings page of the Memfault dashboard of your organization.
```

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   aws ssm put-parameter --type String --name /${STACK_NAME:-nrf-memfault}/thirdParty/memfault/projectKey --value *<your memfault project key>*
   aws ssm put-parameter --type String --name /${STACK_NAME:-nrf-memfault}/thirdParty/memfault/organization --value *<your organization slug>*
   aws ssm put-parameter --type String --name /${STACK_NAME:-nrf-memfault}/thirdParty/memfault/project --value *<your project slug>*

> The organization auth token can be accessed and managed by Administrators at
> Admin → Organization Auth Tokens in the Memfault UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Administrators can access and manage the organization authorization token at
:guilabel:`Admin` > :guilabel:`Organization Auth Tokens` in the Memfault UI.
```

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   aws ssm put-parameter --type String --name /${STACK_NAME:-nrf-memfault}/thirdParty/memfault/authToken --value *<your auth token>*

Configure stack settings
************************

> The topic devices use to publish memfault chunks can be configured through the

Reviewer 2: Should memfault be capitalized? Is there a difference in meaning between capitalized and non-capitalized?

Reviewer: > Should memfault be capitalized? Is there a difference in meaning between capitalized and non-capitalized?

Addressed in my suggestion above.

> The topic devices use to publish memfault chunks can be configured through the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the topic that devices use to publish Memfault chunks through the
```

`CDK context variable <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/context.html>`_

> ``memfaultTopic``. It defaults to ``+/memfault``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the topic devices used to publish memfault chunks through the
`CDK context variable <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/context.html>`_
``memfaultTopic``.
It defaults to ``+/memfault``.
```

Author: Sure about the `used`?

Reviewer 2: Looking at that, do you configure a "topic" used by devices or do you configure which "topic devices" are used?

If a topic is used, then the sentence should be:
```
You can configure the topic that devices use to publish Memfault chunks through the `CDK context variable <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/context.html>`_ ``memfaultTopic``.
```
And for absolute clarity, the next line should replace "It" with "The topic".

Deploy the solution to your AWS account
***************************************

> 

Reviewer: Preferably, an introductory sentence here before the actual command example. Something like:

To deploy the (Memfault integration?) solution to your AWS account, run the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

   npx cdk deploy

> After successful deploy, make sure that your devices are allowed to publish to the configured MQTT topic (``<deviceId>/memfault``) by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a successful deployment, make sure that your devices are allowed to publish to the configured MQTT topic (``<deviceId>/memfault``) by default.
```

> If you are using the :ref:`nRF Asset Tracker for AWS <aws-getting-started>` this is already the case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using :ref:`nRF Asset Tracker for AWS <aws-getting-started>`, this is already the case.
```

Otherwise, refer to the `AWS IoT Core Policies <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/pub-sub-policy.html>`_ on how to configure permissions.

> Once devices start publishing Memfault heartbeats and core dumps, they will appear in your Memfault dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once devices start publishing Memfault heartbeats and core dumps, they appear in your Memfault dashboard.
```

Clone the project and install the dependencies
**********************************************

To clone the `nRF Asset Tracker Memfault integration for AWS IoT <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-memfault-aws-js>`_ project and install the dependencies, use the following commands:

.. parsed-literal::

    git clone --branch |version| --single-branch \\
      https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-memfault-aws-js.git memfault-aws
    
    cd memfault-aws 
    
    # Install the dependencies
    npm ci
    
Configure Memfault settings
***************************

You can retrieve the project settings from the settings page of the Memfault dashboard of your organization.

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   aws ssm put-parameter --type String --name /${STACK_NAME:-nrf-memfault}/thirdParty/memfault/projectKey --value *<your memfault project key>*
   aws ssm put-parameter --type String --name /${STACK_NAME:-nrf-memfault}/thirdParty/memfault/organization --value *<your organization slug>*
   aws ssm put-parameter --type String --name /${STACK_NAME:-nrf-memfault}/thirdParty/memfault/project --value *<your project slug>*

> Administrators can access and manage the organization authorization token at
> :guilabel:`Admin` > :guilabel:`Organization Auth Tokens` in the Memfault UI.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Administrators can access and manage the organization authorization token at :guilabel:`Admin` > :guilabel:`Organization Auth Tokens` in the Memfault UI.
```

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   aws ssm put-parameter --type String --name /${STACK_NAME:-nrf-memfault}/thirdParty/memfault/authToken --value *<your auth token>*

Configure stack settings
************************

> You can configure the topic that devices use to publish Memfault chunks through the
> `CDK context variable <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/context.html>`_
> ``memfaultTopic``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can configure the topic that devices use to publish Memfault chunks through the `CDK context variable <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/context.html>`_ ``memfaultTopic``.
```
